Interview with the Vampire: Finally got around to starting this. I thought season one was pretty good, but S2 is *miles* above imo. I've been seeing the weekly comments praising it and I can cofirm they are legit.
HOTD: Also continue to be amazing.
The Boys: Also continue to be amazing.
The X Files: About 8 episodes in. Holds up quite well for its age. The individual stories are very good. Particularly the episodes with the missing pilots in the airbase, the killer who can stretch and break into anywhere, and The Thing ripoff episode. The only episodes I didn’t like so far are the cannibal Neanderthal one and the killer AI one.
The X Files: A) It's even more fun when you watch late at night, with all the lights off, a bottle of red wine, and your favorite take-out food or pizza! B) Some of the scenes/episodes are over the top corny with some badly written lines and plots. C) Some of the scenes/episodes are pretty "slow" but again it's a fun slowness, in a weird way. D) As for the AI episode, that was actually one of my favorites! E) If you like X-Files, then you'll probably really like the 1990's countershow: Outer Limits.
ER: I'd STRONGLY recommend you check ER if you have not. It's a long multiseason epic journey filled with amazing medical emergency scenes. All the characters are amazing/fun, and so well acted. Tons of personal-drama scenes, and soap-opera romance side plots that are actually pretty fun. By the time you get through watching this epic series, you'll feel like you lived the life of a medical student, and had all kinds of romance and adventure along the way!
The Bear: Just finished S3 - it was good, not as great as S1-S2 but it could just be a preference for fewer character-specific episodes. My biggest takeaway from the show remains that there is no one as arrogant about their profession as chefs. S03E10 was full of so much fart-sniffing from chefs preaching about "why" they cook luxury meals for rich people in ridiculously expensive restaurants. A lot of the final episode felt like it was right on the edge of satire.
Tokyo Vice: cancelled now though
Presumed Innocent: really enjoying this one. Molto is giving me the creeps - Sarsgaard is amazing.
Dopesick: Saarsgard has been incredible in everything I've seen him in recently. I thought he was particularly good in Dopesick.
Slow Horses: it has good character work
Slow Horses: Is it suspenseful?
The Bear: The Bear S3 has been disappointing for me. We're treading water. The real and raw way relationships and emotions have been handled so tastefully in the first two seasons feels like it has teetered completely into the overwrought and melodramatic, even a bit flanderized. Can't help but feel like the writing has taken a bit of a nosedive. A couple great eps and moments though, and I like the commitment to format-pushing, like episode 1. Loved the first 2 seasons, hoping 4 can bring it home.
The Bear: I fast forwarded through a lot of the episodes just to get through the season.
The Bear: Been watching the new season of the Bear. I'm 4 episodes in and the only thing that's happened is Syd leased an apartment. Agreed. Not really sure how The Bear went from being one of the best paced shows on tv to literally the slowest. I still enjoyed season 3, but I think they have gone a bit up their own ass with a focus on style instead of substance.
Interview with the Vampire: Sometimes the tonal balancing act doesn't work but my god am I entertained, and these actors are so so good. A stand out for me this season was Assad Zaman as Armand. I wasn't sold on him at first, but then we get to see the 70s flashback episode with Armand "mask off", and I started to recognise all the little details/subtleties in his performance that showed the character's true self. Also Armand might be the funniest character in the show, like his fake crying in episode 6 was cracking me up. Excited to see more of the petty drama between these evil divas in season 3. It's giving Hannibal vibes. This will become a hit in years to come.
Fun fact: the 70s episode was first one to be filmed in the season (Claudia's recast happened so close to the start of the shoot so they needed to reshuffle the filming order). Not even that, the very first scene Assad Zaman filmed as Armand was the big argument with Louis. It sounds nuts to me, but maybe it helped him to reverse-engineer his performance to include the clues to his real nature throughout the season.
Interview with the Vampire: I struggle to think who gave my favorite individual performance in the scene this season - they are all so crazy good, with so many outstanding scenes to choose from. Assad Zaman as the evil gremlin in the 70! Sam Reid during the trial talking about the sky drop! Delainey Hayles chewing Louis over his idiotic love choices! Ben Daniels imitating Louis in the restaurant! Eric Bogosian delight at exposing Armand! So so good. I think however that Jacob Anderson still had the best overall performance - showy heights, subtle lows, everything perfectly balanced. If only one person from the cast can be awarded, it should be him.
Mr Inbetween: If you like the psychopathic parts of Tony Soprano and you enjoy the episodes where he actually uses some field craft to accomplish the few killings he did - you'll love Mr Inbetween. It's a great show, instant top 10 after that finale. We're about to finish season 2, it's so good. He's such a great character and they really fill the half hour they have. For some reason I can't stop seeing an older, gruff and completely out of character Australian Pete Davidson when I see him. One of the best shows of all time IMO. Such a great show. Very underrated.
Bodkin: Bodkin was great. The humor was like The Banshees of Inisherin.
The Banshees of Inisherin: Bodkin was great. The humor was like The Banshees of Inisherin.
This Is Us: Aside from Jeopardy, I don’t think I’ve watched anything on these networks in ages. This Is Us, might be the last broadcast show I’ve watched.
Tulsa King: I watched Elsbeth, that was decent, Animal Control was a decent little comedy. I see they are going to show Tulsa King season one on CBS.
The Expanse: Loved it. Characters are flawed, make mistakes, learn, and grow. Few are portrayed as fully good or evil. Characters might actually die, but not too eager to kill them off without reason.
Halo: Scratches the 'The Expanse' itch.
Battlestar Galactica: Flawed characters in challenging situations dealing with cycles of violence.
The Wire: Characters are flawed, make mistakes, learn, and grow. Few are portrayed as fully good or evil.
The Boys: 2 episodes into the new season. It’s good, not great. Hoping it hooks me like the first 2 seasons did.
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel: Working through season 3 and it’s just so quick and witty. Great show.
Entourage: Also into season 3. Absolutely loving everything about this show. Can’t believe I never watched it before now.
All American: This is awful. Truly terrible at this point. I stopped enjoying this show 3-4 seasons ago but I was too committed. It really can’t end soon enough.
The Simpsons: Into season 6 and it continues to be a hilarious change of pace when I’m in the mood for it. I anticipate finishing this show in about 9 years at this pace though.
That 90s Show: 1 episode into the new season. Meh. I hope it gets better, but I’ll ride it out either way because it’s such a short season.
The Bear: Need to start the new season but slowly becoming less excited for it as I hear the reviews others are giving it.
Smiling Friends: Hilarious. That’s all. Just a really funny show that you can breeze through in just a few hours.
Interview With the Vampire: I used to never watch remakes of shows/movies that were done right the first time—that would’ve been a big mistake in this case. This reimagined and re told tale was superbly written and acted with well considered nods to the original.
The Color Purple: Now I gotta re think my avoidance of The Color Purple.
The Shield: Almost done with season 3. Love all the plot arcs right now, especially the aftermath of the money train heist, everything is just very slow-burn right now but I can see it blow up soon. Heard great things about the later seasons also. The Shield never gets boring. Its so damn good. Just when you think its getting slow, its hits you right in the face lol. So jealous of you re The Shield. It ramps up and up and Season 5 is just immense.
Joe Pera Talks With You: Holy shit I just discovered this show and it really is an amazing comfort watch. Love the slow style and Joe and all the side characters. Never seen anything like it. Bummed to see it got cancelled.
The Bear: The Bear season 3 was about four episodes stretched to ten. Other than the Fak stuff nothing was outright terrible but it wasn’t very compelling either.
Euphoria: At times it felt like those special episodes of Euphoria that were released on their own outside of the season, and I’m wondering now if the season wouldn’t have been served better to be cut down to a few episodes and presented in that way. Those Euphoria specials were incredible. Genuinely 2 of my favorite episodes of any show all time.
Halt and Catch Fire: This show as a whole is nothing but a masterpiece! Although the H&CF changed its focus to contain more character drama in the final two seasons, it is still as good as the first two. This final season in particular is the most heartbreaking the show has ever been. The ending to Episode 7 just broke me. It's been a few hours since I finished watching the finale, and I have to say that I did not really enjoy the episode that much, but I did like the message it tried conveying and the show's conclusion to the character arcs.
I don't know why, but the feeling of emptiness is massive. I'm going to miss these characters and this show.
Bob's Burgers: The first few episodes of S3 were poor in my opinion, and I nearly decided to stop watching this show until I reversed my decision. I just love this season! There are some really great episodes, and it is just somehow consistently funny. Would suggest an emergency transfusion of Station Eleven for more Mackenzie Davis
Bear: It's never been a plot driven show, I know that, but it felt especially slow this season. Plus I just feel that we didn't get enough Richie, Carm and Syd and too much of the Faks. There should’ve been a better balance between character development and cooking in the new restaurant. The hectic cooking scene is what drew me to the show. Also, too many flashbacks! Some episodes are like only 30 mins, and 10 mins of flashbacks is too much. John Cena really felt like stunt casting and he felt so out of place.
The Bear: Damn I just saw the first episode of the new The Bear season and they definitely took a risk with that lack of dialogue and the pacing. I think I loved it but it was a lot of visual stimulation and not a lot of plot
The Bear: I am such a fan of this show, but this first episode of season 3 was confusing to watch. I wasn't too sure of the timeline. Loved the visuals, but didn't get a lot of setup for the season from it.
The Bear: The first episode of season 3 is like a 40 minute Trent Reznor music video. And yknow what? I'm into it.
The Bear: But also a little of that can go a long way.
Lost: I was boycotting it for some reason during its original run, but now I decided that it's time to check it out. I like the mystery and the unknowns. The characters however are very annoying - they talk and act like 9-graders. Maybe there's a reason for this - we'll see. The main villain they introduced in S3 is really cool though. The actor is great and for now it seems that he's well written. Overall, I'm liking it - it keeps me hooked, but sometimes I just wonder if the writers have smoked some weird shit. There’s no reason for them talking like that. That’s just mid-late 2000s tv for ya.
Hacks: It got a little charming because of the J. Smith Cameron addition and even tho ending was acted so well I still felt let down. The same thing 3 seasons in the row pretty much, I don't think I care enough to bother for a 4th unless it was the last. I feel like it's written for people in LA to enjoy, so I sadly I think it'll keep going and getting diluted even more. I thought that this season felt a bit aimless and low stakes. That being said, the ending leaves me with a hope for a fourth season with a bit more tension.
Fallout: Best new show of the year for me. Check out the cartoons in the bonus features.
The Boys: S4 may not be top of the line TV, but its still lot of fun. I don’t think anyone covers the media circus and pop culture shenanigans in USA as well as The Boys. Even though the plot hasn’t really moved forward since season 1, it’s still incredibly entertaining. Every time I see someone critique The Boys, I feel the need to reread. Like, The Boys is absolutely giving me what I asked from it for its fourth season.
Interview with the Vampire: Just to explain to all the people that are missing out on the best show on TV - that was a little funny moment in the middle of the most gutwrenchingly sad and beautiful scene from S2 finale of Interview with the Vampire. This and Louis meowing at a dead cat mid-insane rambling were both hilarious moments in very serious, emotional scenes in the finale
The Boys: This week’s episode was pure pain.
The Boys: Zero zero zero was so good.
Colin From Accounts: Holy shit, it's back?
The Prisoner: Loved it, even the episodes that are considered "bad". A continually surreal "what the hell is happening" experience. I didn't quite vibe with the finale, I don't think I really got what it was getting at, but seeing >!unhinged McGoohan on the other side was something. The pig mask caught me by surprise the most for some reason.!<
Serial Experiments Lain: Oddly enough, failed the 3 episode rule, but it was short enough so I just kept watching. Started feeling into it by the 5th episode or so. I didn't find it as crazy as I hoped but it was one of the few cases where I liked the style of it and the animation first and foremost and just found it an enjoyable watch. Love the pastiche and lots of that 90's concept of internet screens, don't mind the typos. That opening theme is also now permanently stuck in my head.
Psych: Enjoyable enough funny show. Unfortunately I find the MC rather hard to like, he has that douchbag energy that I see here and there that's never been my thing, but I quite like the side characters so that levels it out mostly.
Person of Interest: Got quite into this, ate S1 in a weekend. The premise is uhh, definitely extremely iffy, so I wasn't really sure about it. It seems self-aware enough and developing somewhere, though. I rather like all the characters and I like that the show is in the more old school format of long episode seasons so we have the opportunity to get familiar with the characters and develop the background. Looking forward to S2.
Presumed Innocent: I watched 4 episodes of it, it's very good. Couldn't wait 4 more weeks to find out what happened. Obviously the show is longer so there are a lot more characters. But there are also changes to the behavior and situations of some OG characters. Also, there are severe changes to the method of investigation and forensic evidence since the show is set in modern times. I think the show is better directed and acted. If anyone is like me, who won't be able to wait week after week for the solution to the mystery, don't watch the show now... Wait and binge it.
That 90s Show: I know it’s a bit trashy but it’s such a charming and easy watch too with a dash of nostalgia
Game Of Thrones: I am currently watching for the first time, just got to half of season 4. Well aware of the fact that there will a terrible ending as my friends said, but they also told me the first few seasons are definitely worth it and I have to say I totally agree with them so far, season 3 being my favorite of the bunch. Tyrion, Jorah, Daenerys, Oberyn & Littlefinger are my faves so far and I cannot stand Stannis, his storyline is by far my least favorite. Stannis is a bit of a focal point on why book fans dislike the second half of the show. The books were clearly setting him up for some sort of vindication / huge achievement against the Night King or Dany.
XMen: Binging the original XMen animated series.
XMen97: Before I watch XMen97
Presumed Innocent: Still enjoying it, I can't understate how much I hate having a week gap in between episodes though!
Wire In The Blood: Watching an old British show and I am loving it so far.
Halt and Catch Fire: One of my favorite character driven dramas of all time. I was really sad when it ended, but they really stuck the landing.
Rectify: Incredibly slow paced character drama, but just a masterpiece of a show.
Ripley: I just finished the last two episodes of "Ripley" and was shocked by how good it was. I hope it gets a second season (or more). Thoroughly enthralling.
Ripley: We watched the first episode a while back, and were a bit hesitant at first. Also were not quite sure we were going to like the black and white aesthetic. But wow that first episode was REALLY good! So glad to hear the other episodes are great as well. Anyways we got swept up and distracted watching a bunch of other stuff, however, I'm going to get back into Ripley this weekend for some fun viewing time!
Ripley: Phenomenal cinematography and very underrated.
The Bear: Brilliant.
Babylon Berlin: Stoked S4 finally comes to America. One of my favorite shows and immediately got MHZ choice to view. 2 episode premiere was very good.
Interview with the Vampire: Give Sam Reid all the awards. The acting of the entire cast is incredible.
Dark Matter: Not sure how I feel about the finale. It was, ok?
Blue Lights: Great show. Great. Can’t wait for a S3 already. So many great characters but I love Stevie.
The Bear: I've only watched the first four episodes of season 3 of The Bear but...woof. I don't need things to move fast for the sake of moving fast but I agree with the reviews calling this season "aimless" so far. I feel like I'm watching a SNL skit parodying the show. No issues with the acting performances but the writing and directing has been insufferable. I genuinely hope the rest of the season improves and if not, that the final season is a worthy end to what is a great show when it doesn't get in its own way.
Succession: I'm starting to dread third seasons of any show I follow, because it's typically when the series starts to stagnate, over-indulge, or overall drop in quality after a stellar second outing.
Homeland: I'm starting to dread third seasons of any show I follow, because it's typically when the series starts to stagnate, over-indulge, or overall drop in quality after a stellar second outing.
Fargo: I'm starting to dread third seasons of any show I follow, because it's typically when the series starts to stagnate, over-indulge, or overall drop in quality after a stellar second outing.
House of Cards: I'm starting to dread third seasons of any show I follow, because it's typically when the series starts to stagnate, over-indulge, or overall drop in quality after a stellar second outing.
The Crown: I'm starting to dread third seasons of any show I follow, because it's typically when the series starts to stagnate, over-indulge, or overall drop in quality after a stellar second outing.
Stranger Things: I'm starting to dread third seasons of any show I follow, because it's typically when the series starts to stagnate, over-indulge, or overall drop in quality after a stellar second outing.
Dark: Dark had a stellar third season overall but it did get bogged down in convoluted storytelling compared to the swiss-watch quality of season 2.
C.B. Strike: I have just discovered C.B. Strike and I can't believe I haven't heard about it sooner. Watched the whole thing in a week and I'm hungry for more. If you like British crime dramas, I can't recommend this show enough. Tom Burke and Holliday Grainger have great chemistry and I've enjoyed all the mysteries so far. Highly, highly recommend the show. Its probably my favorite private detective series of all time. Just hits all my private-detective buttons in a good way. CB Strike show is usually one book behind, so if you're hungry for more, grab the book. You can also read the series and get more that way as the show does a very good job for the most part following the book.
The Capture: If you like Strike, I recommend The Capture with Holliday Grainger. My discovery of both these shows went like this: discovered The Devils Hour on Prime and binged it, looked for similar shows, the Capture was recommended, binged it, looked for similar shows, found Strike. It’s weird I don’t see these get more attention. Especially Strike. It’s a great show.
30 Rock: really enjoyed it
Game of Thrones: The actors, the storytelling, everything is just chef's kiss.
Inside No 9: Finished the last season. I'm going to miss it dearly. Amazing work. Hope people will do a catch up with it now it has finished.
The Bear: Finished The Bear s3 and it was pretty disappointing. All style no substance
The Bear: A lot of it is still good, but it feels a little like all the endless praise got to them. Quite a few "look at us making ✨art✨" type episodes.
The Bear: -The Bear season 3
Interview with the Vampire: -Interview with the Vampire season 2
Perfect Wife: If you are into whodunnits..this is real good especially if you dont read anything about it or know the story. Thanks to whoever recommended this last week.. i went in blind and really enjoyed it. I hadn’t heard anything about this when it happened & I agree - it makes for a better watch. What a wild story!
Presumed Innocent: At the moment? Presumed Innocent gives me a weird vibe now.
The Boys: At the moment? The Boys, although The Boys gives me a weird vibe now, cosmetic procedures, weight loss, whatever it is, everyone looks different.
Interview with a vampire: I really thought I would dislike it because emo vampire series are not my cup of tea usually but I heard good things about it so I thought I'd give it a shot. Well, I'm really surprised at how much I've been enjoying it. The writing on the page is quite good and while I can't say I care that much about the plot the performances in this show are absolutely mesmerizing. The show has so many strenghts (music, production lighting, editing, directing...) and it's a testament to it that no matter how good it is on all these fronts, it's the acting that is shining above it all.
Interview with the Vampire: One of the best shows airing right now imho.
The Bear: In all 10 episodes of S3 for The Bear, you can probably extract about an episode and a half, maybe 2, worth of plot or character development. The amount of fluff is unbelievable. Honestly kind of surreal and bizarre in hindsight, with an annoying hint of begrudgingly poetic.. like I was both frustrated and enamored by the season. There's an old saying in writing about keeping your promises to the reader/viewer, and man they just took the 3 major plot points >!(the review, an apology to Claire, Sydney's decision to leave/stay)!< and refused to fulfill any of them this season. Also, can any of these people just go to therapy? Like I know life is hard and can be real shitty, but goddamn the amount of bottling up every single character does in this show could fill and fly a hot air balloon. With that said, ya i'll be back for season 4. I pretty much treated season 3 as mini-episodes for the big season 4. Great execution in front of and behind the camera but just nothing to sink my teeth into. And the episodes where all the Fak brother's are in are bad. One series can handle only a few overbearing, loud, arrogant people. Bringing in a whole family like that just diluted all the scenes. Agreed. Some backstory content is neat. This is just too self-indulgent. I cannot think of a single time *in the history of television* in which a season refused to resolve or advance even a *single* plot thread. It's baffling... it's truly baffling... They could have at least given us >!the review!< straight, right at the end, so we would have one thing to go on... but they refused to even do that! And nobody has any idea what the >!actual review!< even was!! There is so much good about this show, and it is still one of my recent favorites, but this season is truly baffling. I honestly think this whole season could have been 2 or 3 episodes.
The Boys: The writing quality has fallen off a cliff in season four. It seems like their only move is to try to be as provocative as possible to gross you out without advancing the story at all. This season doesn’t have much of a story. The whole season just feels like filler. Not great. It was already downhill the previous season and now it's a spiral to the bottom.
Dark Matter: Just a perfect one and done season of TV. It was written for TV by the author of the book, so it is extremely faithful, with a few clever additions. It’s been my favorite watch of the year so far.
Ted: Really, really fun show. Glad it got a second season.
The Bear: I enjoyed the reflections on previous employment, the discussion of restaurants meanings, and what it's like to serve people.
Bear: Finishing up the season 2
Santa Clarita Diet: Rewatching season 2
The Gentlemen: I watched the first two episodes and it was very strong. I'm looking forward to seeing where it will go.
Hi-Dive: I dabble in anime (pretty much any genre) and just got Hi-Dive. I've seen Oshi no Ko already.
Colin from Accounts: For Trying fans, you absolutely should try this show.
My Lady Jane: Good, fun retelling of history with a splash of magic. I thought it would be a limited series but apparently not, hoping for S2 news soon-ish.
The Brats: A documentary that brings back nostalgia about the brat pack of the 80s. Great soundtrack too.
Interview with the Vampire: was amazing. I highly recommend it.
Interview with the Vampire: I'm catching up on now and really enjoying it, except the new Claudia actress's attempt at the New Orleans accent is horrific - it's not good that I could immediately tell she was British, her British accent slips through in almost every line.
The Boys: Re-watching the Boys with my GF to get her up to the current season. I forgot how great the first 3 seasons were.
Star Wars: The Clone Wars: I've been enjoying this show so far, even back in season 1, with it gradually and steadily getting stronger as it went on. Season 3 continued that with some pretty solid arcs early on, and then the season kicked into high gear in the latter half of the season. I liked how this season really pushed Ahsoka's development as her own person, rather than Anakin's underling, through both the main story arcs and a few side-adventures. In that sense, I thought it made sense to cap it off with the "Padawan Lost"/"Wookiee Hunt" two-parter, despite being less connected to the main story. We also get some nice early signs of Anakin's turn towards the dark side, especially in the really interesting "Overlords"/"Altar of Mortis"/"Ghosts of Mortis" arc, and a little bit in the arc after that when he says the Jedi don't go far enough in the war. And this was also a great season for Asajj Ventress, who has a few good arcs. Especially the "Nightsisters"/"Monsters"/"Witches of the Mist" arc, which may be my favorite arc of the series so far because of how unique it was with its perspective, and the dynamics at play.
The Dragon Prince: I've really liked the show so far, with its gradual build-up of the main plot and character arcs. And season 3 did a great job pushing the story forward in different ways. Ezran had some interesting growth, as He went back to become king, even if only temporarily. I also liked both Callum and Rayla's character development this season as well. And this being the end of the first arc, it ended on a pretty satisfying note, while setting some things up for the rest of the season. I like how Claudia and Soren are on different sides now, with Soren in particular having some nice growth here. And the last episode was a strong, exciting way to tie some of the threads up for now.
Vinland Saga: This was a great take on the Viking story. I will say that while I liked Thorfinn early on, I'm glad the story shifted away from him a bit after a while, because he did start to become kind of one-note before too long. But the rest of the story does a good job making up for it, with some other interesting character arcs. And I liked the scale of the story, as we see the Viking conflict with other nations, mixed with some more personal conflicts among characters. I am looking forward to seeing where they go in season 2, given where the story went at the end.
Shoresy: Absolutely the best season so far. I'm constantly in awe of how this show took a side-show 'gross out' gag from Letterkenny and made him a fully-fleshed out human character. The "Get one." scene in the final episode gave me goosebumps. Followed up with the scene of Shoresy coming off his high as he starts limping again and realizes he is past his peak? It was beautiful. If you watch or play hockey, you need to watch this show. It is written by and features actual hockey players for most characters. It feels so authentic. If you like sports movies, watch this show. Each season feels like a standalone movie. And I know this comparison gets thrown around a lot, but if you liked Ted Lasso, go watch this. It's definitely more 'adult' orientated, but has a similar theme of not giving up and rallying a team/organization/community behind your efforts. Shoresy’s chemistry with the sports reporter Laura is just off the charts. They found a great way to make his relentless innuendo really charming and sweet in their scenes. The romantic elements of Shoresy and Letterkenny are underrated.
The Boys: I watched the new episodes for The Boys.
House of the Dragon: I watched the new episodes for House of the Dragon.
Star Wars Acolyte: I watched the new episodes for Star Wars Acolyte.
Dark Matter: I watched the new episodes for Dark Matter.
Evil: I watched the new episodes for Evil.
Power Book Ghost: I watched the new episodes for Power Book Ghost.
The Bear: I started watching the first couple of episodes of The Bear in the 1st season which were insanely good and better than I even expected. I heard people say the 3rd season was the weakest, but I still plan on bingeing the rest of 1st season and 2nd season.
Lawman: Bass Reeves: I am watching and recommend if you like Western history
The Devil’s Hour: I am watching and recommend if you like mystery thrillers and liked The Sixth Sense
The Devil’s Hour: Devils Hour is great
Hacks: it's interesting how many shows coming up here seem to be suffering from a lack of forward movement after S3 or so
The Boys: it's interesting how many shows coming up here seem to be suffering from a lack of forward movement after S3 or so
The Responder: Didnt think we would get a 2nd season. Just as good as the 1st season. Great acting from everyone. S2 of The Responder was amaaaaaaaaaaaaazing. The scene where Chris beats the hell out of Ray was the most satisfying thing I've watched on tv all year.
Jack Ryan: On to the third episode. This plot is going to get convoluted, I just know it. Entertaining enough. Michael Pena seems miscast but, we'll see what happens with his character in the last lot of episodes.
Taskmaster: Season 15 was a riot. Very good mix of different personalities that were eager to act like crabs in a bucket to get some meaningless points ahead. There was a team task involving a head camera and magnets to collect spoons that had us crying in laughter. One of the better seasons indeed.
The Bear: Just finished season 3 of The Bear a few hours ago. Dude, that show is so good.
Trying: How's Trying? About to start watching it
Bear: Season 3 through 7 episodes. Episode 1-5 involves kitchen stuff and yelling. Episode 6 is the best so far, no kitchen stuff, tells a story, a human story. Excellent.
Bear: Episode 6 is the worst so far for me
Colin from Accounts: Finished my favorite show s02.
Dark Matter: Finished, so good.
Presumed Innocent: Continuing with.
The Bear: Watching s03. It's so dramatic.
Babylon Berlin: MHz Choice which u can get thru prime, or u can sail the hi-c's
Presumed Innocent: Loving Presumed Innocent so far. Wonder if it will follow the movie ending? I didn't know they made a show out of it. I get that Hollywood loves to redo old classics, but its curious to me as knowing the ending would take away a lot of the magic of it. So maybe they will add a twist.
The Bear: Just finished the Napkins episode of the bear and need Jon Bernthal to stop playing and adopted me as his long lost son already.
The Bear: Watched all of season 3 and I was disappointed in the finale, it was a good episode but felt like it needed one more episode so hopefully season 4 will wrap things up a bit
Land of Women: Eva Longoria latest TV show and this time she appear on the TV screen instead of directing/producing. It is a dramedy that probably will get lost for reddit audience who are all busy watching the bear and the boys. She still look gorgeous!
Superman & Lois: This series, i feel like, is somewhat unpopular. I think, i'll finish the season 1 tonight, currently on Episode 5. It's gripping, it has drama, emotions and some amazing superhero moments. Sometimes you find something and start to think how did you miss it. For Superman & Lois, that moment came in just 20 minutes on first episode. Tyler Hoechlin is also great as both Superman and a dorky dad Clark.
Perfect Wife: Just watched the true crime docuseries about Sherri Papini on Hulu. It’s a very famous case but I actually didn’t know much about it beforehand. It’s a really well done docuseries if you’re interested in true crime.
Sherri Papini: Is this the one who claimed she was kidnapped?
Like Sherri Papini, Harry Houdini
(No relevant information for the other TV show)
Six Feet Under: Its IMDB is 8.7, but I would rate it around 7.5. There some parts that are absolutely peak television, and make the show must watch. Last 3-4 episodes are phenomenal. But I felt there were several story arcs that felt a bit of a drag at times.
The Bear: A big downgrade from the first two seasons, focused more on making "prestige television" and less on actual story. Too much music, hard to differentiate flashback scenes from present. Overuse of cameos making the show feel like an open Hollywood orgy. Main characters Carmy and Sydney are the most annoying and difficult to connect with. Fans want more of Richie, Sugar, Neil Fak, Tina, and Claire Bear.
Shoresy: Some complaints about too much montage and not enough storytelling through dialogue. Disagreement on the purpose of the season as a character study with full character development and motivations on display. John Cena's cameo and the expansion of the Fak family were welcomed. Continuous anxiety build-up for Carmine and a potential cathartic release in his confrontation with Chef David from the past. Food montages seen as self-indulgent but display a passion for the industry.
The Gentlemen: This is a lot better than I expected and it's a fun show so far. Yes it has been surprisingly good.
The Bear: This season was beautiful, artistic, and carries through a cacophonous tone throughout the season’s spans. However, there was almost zero plot development. The “to be continued” is promising but as the season stands today I’d give it a 6.5/10. Some episodes were fantastic, especially the one that Ayo Edebiri directed (‘Napkins’ — featuring Tina’s backstory) but the finale was meh. Maybe even worse than meh. It felt forced and out of alignment with the caliber of the others in the season.
HEARD: Loved the plot twists in the last season!
CHEF: The character development in this show is amazing.
Quitting The Bear: I just don't see anything new with this show.
The Boys: Reluctantly following. Also more of the same with little development.
House of the Dragon: Enjoying. Feels like prime GoT.
The Bear: The pacing, the music, the tension and grief. Diehard Trent/Atticus fan. Hypnotic and beautiful. Sound mixing in the episode was superb. Great programme. Reminds me of Atlanta in a lot of ways with its creativity and almost stand alone episodes.
House of the Dragon: House of the dragon keeps getting better and better and I do not care what readers have to say about it (I'm a reader lmao). Maybe you can clarify something for me. I keep reading about this divide between the series and the readers (which seems like is almost ALWAYS a divide of some kind between the two fan bases and just seen how heated it got in the Shogun subforum). Is House of Dragons a book? I didn't think it was. EDIT: Just Googled it.. and apparently it is a book. Fire and Blood. I did not know.
Dark Matter: It’s quite good after 2 episodes. Second vote for Dark Matter. The finally just aired and it’s great beginning to end.
Presumed Innocent: Really liking mainly bc my wife is into it so we watch together.
Las Vegas: It’s such a Comfort show for me.
Silicon Valley: Also rewatching.
That 90s Show: First season wasn't great, but there was enough for it to be a watchable sitcom when there's so few on the air. But man, this is a big step down from last season. The cast just doesn't seem to have great chemistry and the jokes lack punch.
Sweet Tooth: Making my way through the final season. Love this show, so much! It's got a lot of heart.
Muppet Mayhem: Missed this show when it came out. Such a shame it only lasted one season.
Interview With The Vampire: Some episodes are among the best in recent years. Louis lead is very good. Lestat and Molloy the journalist are brilliant. Highly recommended.
Dark Matter: Style over substance. Ultimately disappointing. It had potential but failed to realise it.
Tokyo Vice: Rough around the edges. Hard to like the lead journalist. Such a shame it has been cancelled.
The Responder: Brilliant British TV. Hard, gritty and not what you want the world to be like.
House of Dragon: Fascinated by it. Can't wait for each new episode. Entranced. More please. 5 seasons more?
Scavenger's Reign: Just watch and wonder in awe.
Captain Fall: Adults only, and how!
House of the Dragon: The scene between Otto and Aegon was brilliant.
The Bear: I'm 5 episodes into the season, it's good so far. I did think the 1st episode was kind of redundant as most of what was shown was already known to the audience.
Ripley: Finally got around to this show after having it on my list for months. I'm two episodes in at the moment, and I'm liking it so far. I've never seen the film or read the book, so I've gone in blind.
The Worst Roommate Ever: It's an ok true-crime series. They do have a weird format though where, when there are multiple tenants in an apartment, they try to make a mystery of who is the criminal. When it's pretty obvious who the culprit is as they're the only one not on camera.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia: I'm a big fan of comedies especially ones that are considered less "politically correct.
The Other Two: If anyone likes shows like this I'm curious what other suggestions you may have, especially shows that hidden gems.
Better Off Ted: If anyone likes shows like this I'm curious what other suggestions you may have, especially shows that hidden gems.
Tacoma FD: If anyone likes shows like this I'm curious what other suggestions you may have, especially shows that hidden gems.
Hacks: If anyone likes shows like this I'm curious what other suggestions you may have, especially shows that hidden gems.
Blue Mountain State: If anyone likes shows like this I'm curious what other suggestions you may have, especially shows that hidden gems.
You're the Worst: If anyone likes shows like this I'm curious what other suggestions you may have, especially shows that hidden gems.
The League: If anyone likes shows like this I'm curious what other suggestions you may have, especially shows that hidden gems.
Peep Show: If anyone likes shows like this I'm curious what other suggestions you may have, especially shows that hidden gems.
South Park: What We Do In The Shadows.
Curb Your Enthusiasm: What We Do In The Shadows.
The Thick of It: You need to watch The Thick of It.
Veep: Julia Louis Dreyfus is the vice president in a cynical but hilarious depiction of DC politics, kind of feels like if Dennis Reynolds types made up the cast of House of Cards.
I'm Sorry: follows the life of a comedy writer, hard to describe but watch the early episode "Racist Daughter" to get a sense of it.
15 Storeys High: an influence on Peep Show, follows a bitter sharp-tongued misfit alienating the residents of his apartment building.
Barry: a hitman joins an improv group to kill one of its members, but finds he actually likes it and starts pursuing an acting career funded by murder, balancing his acting teacher's advice against his criminal handler's. First episode or two might seem more like a straight drama but it quickly becomes a really intense dark comedy with fucked up absurdity happening a lot.
Married With Children: Married With Children.
Silicon Valley: The Mick (features Dee from IASIP).
Veep: Veep is exactly what you’re looking for.
Loudermilk: Loudermilk - Netflix.
Shorsey: Shorsey on Hulu.
Supacell: I really liked it on Netflix I hope it gets a 2nd season!
Star Trek: Prodigy: Finished season 2, overall very good children's tv. I like how even though it's serialized Trek, they give roughly half the episodes stories that aren't directly related to the overarching plot of the season. Not quite as balanced as SNW season 1, but I'm happy with it. Would be very happy to see a season 3 and beyond, this concept is nowhere near out of gas.
Dark Matter: I really enjoyed this one. As with most Crouch stuff the characters are a tad unlikable but the story and pacing are fantastic. Full of crazy twists and turns that keep the show a pretty intense watch!
Sugar: Sugar is fantastic, I highly recommend it
Douglas is Cancelled: Nearly miss Douglas is cancelled. Looks interesting.
Baby Reindeer: Best Netflix show this year so far. Original and funny af but incredibly dark
My Lady Jane: Emily Bader is fun, and it’s all quite over the top, and has a rather unexpected satirical twist. It’s my favorite surprise show so far.
The Acolyte: Seeing the High Republic is crazy to me. I enjoy a good mystery in Star Wars. I’m looking forward to it each week!
Doctor Who: Enjoyed the chemistry between Ruby and the new Doctor. Some really fun stories this season, and a lot of good twists and messages.
The Boys: Trying to motivate myself to watch it, but was a bit over it by the end of last season…just too much shock and awe.
The Bear: It doesn't feel like a complete season, it kind of feels like a setup for whatever is going to happen season 4. Still a lot of great stuff in it though, I enjoyed it. Is it a sad show? Will it make you cry?
Presumed Innocent: Peter Sarsgaard on his A game in the most recent episode. He has me believing he might have done it.
Game of Thrones: HotD is more of what was great with GOT. It keeps me glued to the TV. Binging it blew me away compared to my original watch. It's a really great show.
The Bear: not good.
Interview with the Vampire: Dark, brutal, depressing and beautifully heartfelt. The show of the highest quality.
Channel Zero: It's an anthology so all four seasons are different. Very good and very underrated since it was on Sci-Fi.
Evil: Really enjoyable. Dark, but tongue in cheek.
Marianne: On Netflix but it’s a French show so subtitles. It’s really good and probably the right atmosphere you’re looking for.
The Chalet: Another foreign show that’s quite atmospheric and well put together. The ending starts taking another turn but overall a solid shoe.
From: Similar to Lost in a bigger cast/community working together. Premise is cool and enjoying both seasons so far.
Yellowjackets: Season 1 was great….season 2 ….ehhh. Felt like they are meandering a bit with the story.
Castle Rock: Season 1 only.
Them: Season 1 was great…season 2 I kept losing interest.
The Sinner: Season 1 only. The rest are very meh. Some good premises but they just don’t follow through.
Hemlock Grove: A pretty solid show all around.
Hannibal: Phenomenal show.
The Fall: Phenomenal show with the Fall season 3 kinda falling a bit flat (other two were great).
Presumed Innocent: Took an age old story that had been done to death from a movie that was 30 + years ago but somehow they managed to make it quite exciting and enjoyable. The cast played a large part in the enjoyment. Main and supporting cast all excellent. I am reminded of what we miss from Bill Camp and Peter Sarsgaard!
The Boys: It just feels like there’s no risk for the main characters. Even if there have been deaths this season, at no point do I feel like anyone of the main cast is in danger. Which is a shame for a show like this. Combined with the plot feeling like it’s spinning its wheels, it’s been a disappointing season. I don't care about any of the side stories and they all feel like time wasters and bring the mood way down. Frenchies past, Starlights past, Hughys dad, Komicos stuff, I just don't give a shit at all about any of that and so none of it has any weight and feels like pointless filler.
Bosch: Hmm.. **Will Trent** is a fun watch which isn't often recommended. It's a police procedural which I enjoyed and I loved Bosch too!
Grand Tour: If you like Grand Tour, have you watched Clarkson’s Farm?
Hart of Dixie: Somebody Somewhere is charming.  Virgin River is kind of addictive.  Schitt's Creek (get through the cringey first few episodes of the first season - it gets better season-by-season) and Derry Girls, too.
Northern Exposure: Northern Exposure is very good. I think its on Amazon Prime.
The Change: The Change was fun.
The Sympathizer: The main thing that took me out of it was the main character's voice in English. Like I'm not sure if it was the lack of accent but it just sounded too perfect(?), if that makes sense.
Jujutsu Kaisen: Probably gonna wait till close to finale to start.
Extraordinary: A few underrated British series you might not have seen
Bad Sisters: A few underrated British series you might not have seen
The Outlaws: A few underrated British series you might not have seen
The Cleaner: A few underrated British series you might not have seen
This Way Up: A few underrated British series you might not have seen
The Capture: A few underrated British series you might not have seen
Rain Dogs: A few underrated British series you might not have seen
The Sympathizer: Finished The Sympathizer. All in all a good show that I'm surprised wasn't discussed more here. Struggled at the beginning with the over the top style and some questionable creatives choices but it was worth pushing through as the story and characters were really interesting. I also think that the show struggled with what it's tone choices but the juggling between emotional and dark comedy was still interesting. I really dug it until the final episode, still worth watching. I had to drop it by like ep 5. It's nothing like what I expected. I'm sure some people are gonna love it but it just felt like such a slog of personal drama. I thought it was gonna be about big politics and the Vietnam war and spy stuff. Amazing. Dug it but didn’t finish, too hard for my stoner brain to keep up
Trying: S4 of Trying continues to miss its mark; the charm of the first two seasons is sorely missed. I don’t enjoy the time jump. I wish they had stayed longer with the kids being younger. I actually like they changed direction and it makes sense. S1 was about them adapting the kids and now the time jump has happened. Now they are exploring how the kids feel and the princess wanting to find her real mom. I doubt any series will actually do that.
Big Mouth:
- I was so pleasantly surprised with Matthew’s character growth in the last couple seasons and so delighted with the progression of his family. It was perfectly subtle and incredibly realistic in the slow coming around to his homosexuality - >!his parents teaching his younger siblings about what “gay” means was very sweet.!< (Fuck Brittany though.)
- Never would’ve expected it, but my MVP of this watch was 100% Jay. Jason Mantazoukas brought the chaos, which I expected, but there was a sadness and a sweetness to Jay that made him really endearing. I remember thinking he was “too much” in my initial watch but I really enjoyed his storylines this go-around.
- also wouldn’t have expected my honorable mention to be Caleb, but especially in the most recent season, they did a beautiful job of giving him depth and making him one of the most realistic portrayals of neurodivergence I’ve seen in media.
The Bear:
- I only watched the first episode of season 3 because my two rules with this show are no binging and also not too close to bed, because this show makes me anxious and I can’t sleep after watching it (or it gives me nightmares about my family, neither of which are pleasant). I’ve seen this episode was pretty divisive, I personally loved it and it had me ugly crying. While it was a beautiful character study, it was also a really great portrayal of grief in many ways and Jeremy Allen White knocked it out of the park per usual. I’ll get through more of it this weekend out of fear of having the season spoiled if I wait too long.
The Leftovers: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Succession: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Vice Principles: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Righteous Gemstones: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Chernobyl: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Industry: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
The Night Of: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Perry Mason: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Big Little Lies: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Barry: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
The Deuce: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Mayer of Easttown: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Raised by Wolves: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Tokyo Vice: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Landscapers: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
McMillions: Best HBO shows of past ten years?
Sharp Objects: Of their lesser known shows, a damn good limited series.
Lovecraft Country: Of their lesser known shows, really enjoyed as well.
My Brilliant Friend: Of their lesser known shows.
Crashing: If you're looking for something funny and light, was great too.
Enlightened: A fantastic & slightly off the beaten path Max show to check out.
Togetherness: A fantastic & slightly off the beaten path Max show to check out.
I May Destroy You: A fantastic & slightly off the beaten path Max show to check out.
How To with John Wilson: A fantastic & slightly off the beaten path Max show to check out.
The Rehearsal: A fantastic & slightly off the beaten path Max show to check out.
The Sopranos: I’d rec Deadwood.
My Lady Jane: It's a smart ass, funny version of teen Princess Bride. As always, the book series was better but it's pretty sexy.
My Lady Jane: The narrator is hilarious.
Fisk: neurospicy and funny (Netflix)
Sort Of: genius (HBO Max)
Shrink: mortifyingly funny (Peacock TV)
The Bear: Season 3 is highly anticipated!
The Bear: Just don’t get The Bear
The Bear: The series as a whole is pretty good and I enjoy it as a peak into a culture I know nothing about, but the last season is much weaker and it felt like there was a fractured filming schedule with the cast or something.
The Bear: I've read that S3 and S4 were filmed concurrently so I think S3 is just a bridge season to build for S4 which is apparently going to be coming out later this year.
The Boys: That episode with the flying sheep was one of the worst hours of television. The series feels ugly and mean-spirited with its gore, showing human suffering in excruciating detail. Some episodes are stupid and campy, while others are tonally inconsistent. The show often features people standing still in rooms talking to each other, making it feel aimless and lacking movement. Some viewers feel the show is spinning its wheels and should have ended already. The cynicism in the series, stemming from Garth Ennis's comics, may not be for everyone and can be too much at times.
The Bear: Caught up on S2 just in time to start S3. My girlfriend and I watched E1 and she didn't enjoy it but I LOVED it. What a fascinating way to show the whole backstory that we've seen alluded to.
Agents of Shield: I'm currently rewatching. What a great show. Everything goes off the rails so much but in a fun way, and the characters are just so enjoyable.
Mare of Easttown: Kate Winslet was amazing but I think they tried to fit too much into a 7 episode miniseries. My favorite character was her mom.
Love Island UK: They really are out of sync this season. Not trimming the fat quick enough, lack of challenges and bringing in a reality "celebrity" really has thrown everything off.
House of the Dragon: top tier show for costumes, sets, acting, lot of great character moments this week.
Acolyte: great ep for lightsaber action and lots of unexpected stuff happening after a slow start.
The Boys: kinda depressing with all the right wing conspiracy stuff happening and I hope the subplots with hughie and frenchie build up to something.
The Bear: binged 10eps. still great but IMO not as good as s2 and ends in a brutal cliffhanger. still great for acting/music/editing/stress/wholesome scenes
The Bear: I have only watched 3 episodes. It is over rated by the fans and under rated by some haters. Ep1 was not really for me but I appreciate they are trying. E2 and 3 brought me right back cause I like the kitchen actions! It is definitely the water cooler show on the internet. The Bear is the Oppenheimer of TV shows. I'm told to like it by everyone, it's a masterpiece.
The Boys: It's just bad... it almost feels episodic now. No real progress just random side missions and reset everything at the end. This season's big mystery was so easy to guess, it's the most predictable cliche plot ever. Whole season is just some degenerate weird kink stuff and gore... they have no real plot left except for the final fight which will probably be in the final season.
House of the Dragon: People are complaining it's bad, but it's so much better than anything on TV right now.
The Bear's Floor: The Bear's floor is so high that even if it didn't live up to the expectations, it was damn good. There were 3 phenomenal episodes >!1, 6, 8!<, but still it felt like nothing major happened this season. So many unanswered questions and plot points.
Malcolm in the Middle: My finance and I have binged two seasons in like a week. Such a great family sitcom.
The Boys: The show is getting worse with too many filler episodes and the gore is becoming boring after 4 seasons. The writers seem to have run out of creativity, but the first 2 seasons were good.
Douglas is Cancelled: Karen Gillan gives an amazing performance, but the show is a bit stuffed with messages and muddled tones. Plus, the rapid dialogue does the opening acts few favors. It becomes more interesting in the last half once the quips settle down and the mood darkens. I’m glad I watched it and thought it was worth the time, but wish it had shown more restraint.
Hacks: Really liked S1 and S2, but sadly it's very much dragging for me. It feels like every joke has come out half baked! S1 was moment to moment whip sharp, like someone spent years lovingly tuning this concept. And S3 feels like it was thrown out in a year to hit a deadline. "Old (tm) Deborah does something problematic causing young (tm) Ava to spout twitter social justice buzzwords until. SHOCKER. we realize her actual knowledge of the issues is superficial! Aha they're both wrong!" is the core of the show even in season 3, and it's exhausting to not have any development of it at this point. Very much devolved into a sitcom at this point, and there's nothing wrong with sitcoms but I thought Hacks was trying to do something different. The worst of it is how we repeatedly get these unfathomably cringe bits that are blatantly trying to make a metacommentary on the industry and zeitgeist but just. Reiterates the zeitgeist? instead of adding anything new at all.
At least the cast is great as ever though, Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder are an incredible duo whatever slop they're given and their bonding moments always stand out for me. And Kayla and Jimmy being hits this season was NOT on my bingo card, glad they get more room to play. The show just used to be better at the satire part. People really liked the ending apparently so I will try to make it! Getting Gerri from succession to be Kathy, I'm on board lol
Joe Pickett: I'm watching Joe Pickett currently and enjoyed the first season but this second seasons has gone a bit off the rails, feels like they could have wrapped it up after the first. Also it'd be better if Joe didn't fucking mumble every line, I can barely understand him
Clipped: Just finished the finale of **Clipped** and I still can't tell if Donald Sterling was really that off kilter or if the show just hams him up a bit. I might need to listen to the podcast the show is adapted from. That said, six episodes was the perfect length for this. FX tends to do well with miniseries.
The Bear: Watched the premiere of **The Bear** and I get why people are saying the season is as pretentious as it is anemic. However I liked the minimal use of dialogue and the introspective angle given the events of the season 2 finale. While I have yet to catch the rest of the season, I refuse to believe it's the most unfocused mess of a season when The Morning Show's second season exists.
Route of Odd Taxi: I also finished **Route of Odd Taxi** which was a rather pleasant surprise. A spin-off (that also happens concurrently) of the Odd Taxi anime that got adapted into a live-action series, I was worried it would lose much of its uniqueness without the animal angle. It's rather straight-forward, albeit satisfying, mystery series. However it does not intersect or involve the majority of the subplots of the main series, and if you have not seen said series then it loses a lot of its appeal.
Mayor of Kingstown: Im probably in the minority here but this show has been a solid 8 for me since the beginning, really good.
HotD: 8.5/10, I only wish this had the scale and sense of time to allow the characters to develop and build relationships as the early seasons of GoT did.
House of the Dragon: I love this show so much. The drama, the acting and the score are excellent. The weakest part of it is the dragons lol which is kind of ironic.
Servant: I love the slow burn mysterious vibes. The 30-minute episodes are also an advantage for a quick watch.
AP Bio: A very comforting show that I’m binge watching. Love Glenn from it’s always sunny so it’s a blast watching him in the show. A harmless and wholesome sitcom that I recommend.
The Bear: Peak television in terms of the filmmaking, the editing and the acting. Taking it slow by watching an episode randomly cause I don’t want it to get over soon.
Presumed Innocent: is fantastic on Apple TV Plus.
HOTD: Also watching which is the best thing on television right now. Can't believe how good this show is, from cinematography to writing to incredible acting. Wow! This is just brilliant.
The Boys: S4 is really not on the same level of quality as previous seasons but I really enjoyed episode 5. Definitely the best episode of the season so far. Hopefully they will nail the final episodes of the season.
WondLa: Just started WondLa (sci-fi animated series) and I'm really enjoying it so far. I've never read the book, so I didn't have any expectations beforehand.
AMERICAN DETECTIVE: WITH LT. JOE KENDA: This is the first of the new eps on a Fri, that I watch. Binged first 3 seasons few week back, after the new season got posted. He is my new fav tv host lol. It's like he his telling you ghoulish campfire stories. You feel compelled to go "oooh", "ahhhh". He certainly has a different narration style. Not been able to source Homicide Hunter, but it's on my radar.
Rake: Currently working my way through Rake. Both pretty good.
Felicity: Currently working my way through Felicity. Both pretty good.
The Ark: Starting S1
The Boys: Waiting on episodes
Snowpiercer: Waiting on episodes
Wondla: 4 episodes deep and we can’t figure out who the target audience is. It has minor adult aspects, but they softened it so hard it feels like it’s meant for 6 year olds too. The main issue is it’s just boring.
Australian Survivor: People said this show was better than the US version, but I had no idea how much better. They're there for a longer time. 40 days I think. 24 episodes. Challenges are harder. They don't all end with a puzzle that can even out whatever happened before. And there are Aussies in it. Season 11 was 47 days, btw. I think some of the older seasons are like 50–55 days, so it really is grueling compared to US Survivor's 26-day format. ***Australian Survivor*** is on a massive hot-streak. Three of its last four seasons have been straight bangers, with season 11 being the best of the bunch. It just has a pace that US Survivor can't match (and I loved Survivor 46, so it's definitely on the upswing, too). It's just so epic, with a great cast of characters, and the editors really hone in on the best storylines. I *do* happen to have easy access to all the episodes, but I've only seen seasons 8, 10, and 11, so I really should go back and watch the others... Though I've heard that Australian Survivor is afflicted with the "every other season curse," where the odd-numbered seasons are weaker (a trend which season 11 breaks).
Acolyte: So far I don't recommend any of the other episodes though.
Highschool of the Dead: Only read the book post airing, whoever makes this show needs to redo Game of Thrones.
True Detective: Night Country: Nice atmosphere and that's it. Script(story) was bad. The "mystery" was bad. The dialogue was bad. The characters were annoying. Even Jodie Foster couldn't save this dumpster fire.
True Detective: Night Country: Some people thought it was stupid and boring. Others got caught in the seemingly endless depression and gloom of the setting and the characters and so the show was more interesting for them.
True Detective: Night Country: The True Detective stories are centered around criminal cases with hints of the supernatural around them, but really they are much more about exploring the characters and how they are kind of broken and struggling to get through it. This season does the same kind of thing but not very effectively IMO because it seems to spend so much time examining the demons of side characters and not enough on the main characters, which has the effect of making the characters seem more shallow and less interesting.
True Detective: Night Country: It’s fine if you have nothing else to watch but the plot line is a bit silly. Many plot holes kind of thing.
True Detective: Night Country: I liked the actresses but didn't like it. It was only 6 episodes yet it felt like there was so much filler. The reveal at the end is disappointing, it was such an obvious plot point throughout the season that it's bizarre to see what caused it all.
True Detective: Night Country: The ending sucks. You keep thinking it’s going to pay off and be way more mysterious and spooky than it actually is. Felt like they started with an idea but weren’t sure how to finish it lol
True Detective: Night Country: Please, stay away from this nothingburger of a show. I know, Jodie Foster at helm should scream quality TV guaranteed but it could not be far from truth i promise you.
True Detective: Night Country: It's just ok and the ending is kinda wtf lol
The Bear: Yeah, it had its problems. But overall I still found it to be an extremely watchable and compelling show. I thought it finished on a really high note and the music was consistently good throughout the show. I also thought Ayo Edibiri really toned down the affectations on the Chef Syd character which made her performance all the more enjoyable. I'll definitely be watching Season 4.
The Boys: I've given up on... I found myself horrified (as usual) but then I thought that it was not worth it. Like when you are quitting smoking or something... I guess some people must find this cocktail of ultraviolence paired with cynicism appealing enough, but I just had enough.
House of the Dragon: I'm also rewatching... which is of course pretty good... I'm including this parallel show, The House that dragons built, which made me think that we've really grown accustomed to quite spectacular standards of quality on our tv diet. It's bananas what this people manage to accomplish, the amount of geniuses working hand in hand in there. And Paddy Considine is extraordinary as Viserys. Talk about an Emmy snub.
Sweet Tooth: Finished... It was a bit of a chore to end this one. I thought the 3rd season was worse than the second, the second worse than the first. All in all, I found the tone rather interesting, with adult themes and others more connected to a younger audience... My favorite character was the mole kid.
Battlestar Galactica: Just make sure you start with the miniseries. There are a couple of accompanying movies that fit into the progression of the show and introduce new characters. The show has lots of tension as you try to figure out who are the Cylons, great SciFi space battle scenes, more action/adventure, and dramatic tense situations. The characters are also found to be more interesting.
For All Mankind: Season 5 is a while away, you can watch that closer to when it premieres. The last season of For All Mankind was epic.
Billy The Kid: A feast if you like your westerns with lots of gunfights and killin. Whereas most 'good westerns' have a buildup of tension that leads up to a shootout... this show has shootouts from beginning to end. Very realistic and very well done.
Supacell: It is like The Boys mixed with Top Boy, 6 episodes. It had lower budget, so the CGI is not there, but there is more focus on characters anyway. 7/10 for me.
Wheel of Time: Wheel of Time Season 2 just got its shit together. I liked Season 1 but there were naturally odd / rushed bits between setting up a huge world AND COVID stuff. Season 2 pays off and is just more consistent. Glad I stuck it out.
Tokyo Vice: I’d go Tokyo Vice. It ends the series, it’s a better season than the first, and it has a strong ending. Tokyo vice was fantastic.
Reservation Dogs: Reservation Dogs, S2 and S3 are amazing, and the show has also ended with S3. Great ending too.
Dark: From within the last 5 years: Dark, Maid, The Queen’s Gambit, Unbelievable, Unorthodox, Mindhunter
Maid: From within the last 5 years: Dark, Maid, The Queen’s Gambit, Unbelievable, Unorthodox, Mindhunter
The Queen’s Gambit: From within the last 5 years: Dark, Maid, The Queen’s Gambit, Unbelievable, Unorthodox, Mindhunter
Unbelievable: From within the last 5 years: Dark, Maid, The Queen’s Gambit, Unbelievable, Unorthodox, Mindhunter
Unorthodox: From within the last 5 years: Dark, Maid, The Queen’s Gambit, Unbelievable, Unorthodox, Mindhunter
The Acolyte: Perhaps it is not completely fair to compare a drama mystery with a more action-oriented mystery, but regardless just watching how one show can do things so well and the other so awkwardly just feels like a shock.
Dark Matter: Watching Dark Matter and people might say the beginning is slow, but what they are really doing is setting up the characters and the situation so that you have a good feel for the relationships, some of how he feels about how his career and life has turned out and the opportunities he may have missed, and how he loves his family. It's this kind of effective setup work that really gives the audience context and investment for what he must be feeling later on as things go topsy-turvy. They also do a good job of building up the mystery and suspense before doing a reveal at the end that leaves the viewer really wanting to see more.
The Boys: The show has turned into a parody of itself, with some finding the writing to be bad and the satire on "stupid republicans and rich white men" to be less clever. There are criticisms about the handling of male sexual assault as a comedic bit and comparisons to CW level writing. Hughie breaks down crying at the end, surprising viewers by not brushing off the sexual assault he experiences. Starlight's reactions to sexual abuse and exploitation are also mentioned.
The Boys: Some viewers feel the showrunners are not clever enough in their criticism and resort to using well-known shorthands to make their points. The narrative includes references to "pizzagate," "space lasers," and a "weird santorum shout-out." Hughie breaking down crying at the end is highlighted, contrasting how he reacted to getting his feet tickled.
Halo: Finished S1 of Halo. Bloody Hell was it exciting to watch. On to S2.
Supacell: Just started watching it. And I'm absolutely loving it. This show is as proper London as it gets, with a bunch of super-powers then thrown right into the mix. Ignore the low reviews. Some people just can't get over having a story centred on UK black culture.
House of the Dragon: I use the 3rd one, has the most comments per ep
The Acolyte: This is the best TV they've done outside of Andor and while not perfect, it's better than the prequels or sequels. Interesting story with unique world building and space fantasy hijinks.
The Acolyte: Logical inconsistencies everywhere, poor set and costume design, terrible acting, atrocious writing and dialogue, garbage cinematography and an extremely poor usage of The Volume.
The Acolyte: I didn't like the first three episodes but I thought episode 4 was alright. Episode 5 had some bad cuts and some of the writing still struggled but it had some awesome sequences and Jacinto is a great Starwars addition in general. I really liked this latest episode. There wasn't a lot of action but the writing and directing was a huge improvement.
The Bear: Christ, The Bear S3E8. It is Sopranos level. I'm also watching the Bear... I still am baffled as to why this show keeps getting nominated in the Comedy category. Put it in Drama where it belongs.
HOTD: Also watching and enjoying HOTD.
Interview with the Vampire: Also watching and enjoying Interview with the Vampire.
The Boys: this wacky ass show has me losing brain cells faster than my wallet goes empty.
---
(TV show not mentioned): are you commenting on the show being too sexual? 😧
House of the Dragon: My experience with the show has been a little uneven, but the latest episode was really good IMO. Aegon and Otto continue to be standouts, but Alicent and Rhaenyra got my attention with their scene together in a way they hadn't quite this season. While I'm having some trouble placing Christon as a character, I'm starting to see him as a "true knight" in a satirical way. Like, he's a violent reckless moron, but someone gave him some shiny armor, so he gets to act poised and bully people "for the realm," kinda like the knights in Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court. He's not my favorite character, but I'm wondering if they are positioning him a bit like Jaime in early GoT. It seems to me that the character of Christon would massively benefit from, say, getting his hand chopped off, but I'm not claiming to really know what they plan to do with him.
Otto looks like every Monty Python character, and I can't get it out of my head.
The Acolyte: The actor after the reveal turned it up to a 10. Their acting is in another tier compared to everyone else.
9-1-1: Buck's new love interest is surprising and super interesting.
Star Trek Prodigy: After season 1 completely won me over, becoming my personal favorite of the new shows, this became my most anticipated TV show overall. Even more so after the issues since its cancellation/removal from Paramount+, the details from interviews and social media post by the writers, and initial feedback from those who saw the French release or reviewers who got it early. This season is actually much more serialized that season 1, but not exclusively so. After a few episodes, you start to see one-off episode ideas, which are often a lot of fun. I'd say many of these are on par with the better ones from season 1 (and very solid by Star Trek standards in general). And meanwhile, the serialized story ended up having a very complex plot by *any* standards, not just for "kids"/family TV. Even as an adult, the concepts can get a bit dizzying, especially in the episodes that lean into them the most. Though I do feel like the action and adventures are fun enough to captivate the younger viewers. Same with the connections to the larger Star Trek franchise - goes very deep with it, in a way that can feel satisfying to long-time fans, but not alienating to newcomers. And the best thing is, none of it feels forced and out of place. It's all very natural with the threads from season 1 which they're following through from. None of it takes away from the story of the new crew. And there's not one returning character whose presence I question in the slightest, but rather adds to the greater picture. One caveat: In season 1, I've understood people's resistance to the character Dal in early episodes. I even felt it myself at times, especially in the episode "Starstruck." But over the season, I felt like he had a great arc where he becomes a much more likable character (even if still sometimes flawed). However, annoying Dal does come back again this season. It's understandable given the change in his situation, and once again he gets better as the season goes along, having some pretty great moments in later episodes. But it doesn't change how annoying some of his actions are early on. Even so, I'd strongly recommend this show to long-time Star Trek fans, newcomers to the franchise, fans of good sci-fi in general, and animation. Each season is good good in its own way, with season 2 being on another level for me.
The Bear: Constant gay sex, drama with comedic elements, serious tone, revolves around a dysfunctional family and the one they create at the restaurant, won a prime time Emmy for Outstanding Comedy.
Forks: Dramedy, can make people cry and laugh in the same episode, revolves around music, flashbacks, characterization, and food.
The Bear: Season 3 is finally coming!
Supacell: the trailers haven't done much for me.
Colin from Accounts: Season 2 is not available in the US yet, unfortunately
The Bear: I have a love-hate relationship with this show. I fell in love with season 1 and then disliked season 2. This season has had a few misses but this ep was one of their best ever and just insanely good television.
The Bear: Just curious, what didn't you like about season 2? I thought it was great, offered a lot of insight into the "family" dynamics and history, lots of character development and so on. If you didn't like season 2 and prefer season 3, I am definitely looking forward to it!
Fargo: I always thought Varga was either working directly for the GRU/FSB hence the hitec surveilance offices or he was working for the Russian mafia, possibly in coordination with the Russian govt to fund their plans. For instance in the last seen he says "have you heard of the Russian saying". Post show discussion suggests its a mystery despite all the clues.
Dark Matter: Other than that watching The Boys, Dark Matter (2015), HotD, The Acolyte, which is patchy, another lame episode the other night, makes it 3 or 4 out of 6 ok episodes.
Shogun: Loved the book and hyped by the great reviews of the show. 5 minutes in and I am getting so distracted and annoyed by the anamorphic lenses and all those effects. I went online and see that there has been a lot of discussion about this, and how it is completely overdone through the whole series.
Shogun: Yeah, it definitely grasped me, despite the dogshit cinematography (focus breathing and film grain are also completely abused). The story is great and I feel the book gives me solid groundwork to appreciate the series even more. Happy to binge it in the coming days.
The Boys: Watching The Boys just makes you remember how much better Watchmen is(all of it)
The Bear: Season 3 has been confirmed!
The Bear: The bear S3 was such a perfect love (and hate) letter to the industry. Eps 6 and 8 were phenomenal. 10 made me cry. I loved just hearing the chefs talk. So beautiful. I fricking love the Faks. Matty was so good this season. Absolutely shocked if JLC doesn’t win the Emmy this year. This was a step down from last year’s absolutely perfect season but still so much to love. For me, the one change I would make is minimise the needle drops. Just too many. Weezer rule though.
The Boys: working my way through the episodes released from season 4 so far, and unfortunately, i cant recommend this season. Ive never found myself so bored by the show before. Feels like they are just spinning the wheels and not going anywhere, very slowly.
Very Important People: Very Important People with Vic Michaelis. Its on the Dropout app, but you can find it streaming online for free. Brilliant improvised show where the guest is put into full make-up and costumes and is forced to come up with a character on the spot and give an interview as them. Features a ton of todays best improvisers, and Vic is a national treasure
High School of the Dead: The first 2 episodes of season 2 were really good. Some viewers didn't like the 3rd episode, but there are varying opinions on it. It's still moving slow. Some viewers are enjoying it but had higher expectations. One viewer finds it boring and not as captivating as other shows like Game of Thrones. Another viewer likes the setting of the show but finds it not very good. The title sequence is awesome, ending with tapestries of recent events.
Supacell: Just finished Supacell. Really enjoyed it. A little bit different to the usually super power malarkey but would have liked a couple more episodes to expand. Would love a season 2!
Outer Range: I know it's cancelled going in. It's not masterpiece television, but it's Yellowstone, but not corny, with a bit of Westworld mythos tossed in. Sorta Station Eleven. And a bit Rectified. It's a bit of a bummer knowing that it's going to end up on some sort of cliffhanger that doesn't finish.
Wu Tang Clan an American Saga: Its pretty good. Worth watching and quality stays more or less consistent throughout. Its not prestige TV, but good if your a fan of Wu Tang.
Supacell: CGI is a bit wonky in first episode but other than that the plot is very engaging with significant character development.
The Acolyte: Acolyte is doing the identical twin tropes wrong. Like at the start of the first episode they were trying to set up a possible dual identity where she is a mechanic and then on her days off she's an assassin. Should have stretched that plot point out a little further, like maybe it is a Dr. Jekyll / Mr. Hyde. But now they've gone full blown Alien Covenant screenwriting. Which while that was bad, at least David wasn't dealing with Space wizards and also sporting a prominent face tattoo. Like they showed Maes has a small tattoo on her arm, great chekov's gun for when the Master sees OSHA doesn't have it and has switched places with her. Only problem being HER GODDAMN FACE TATTOO. I don't think any hair cut is gonna matter with this giant forehead mark. And it's annoying what the final reveal will be that they're clones and there's at least a 3rd one because the one that starts the fire doesn't have Osha's face tattoo. So the big surprise is mwhaha an evil third triplet instead of the evil twin trope.
The Tatami Galaxy: I don't know how or even care any more about how or if The Acolyte (or any star wars series) breaks canon, it is entertaining. To me now they are like the bible, basically mythical stories that may or may not have happened in the way depicted, or at all.
John Adams: I enjoyed the first couple seasons of Turn!
John Adams: Siddown John!
My So-Called Life: I recently started watching and I think it's fantastic. It's not quite 22 episodes, but it's close, having 19 episodes in its first and only season. Claire Danes is great in it. I'll be bummed when I wrap up watching the last five episodes. Given the mature topics the show touches on, it's wild to think that this show was allowed to run on ABC in 1994.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy: The BBC limited series has 7 episodes. It's one of the best series I've watched. The cast is fantastic 😊.
Wonderfalls: By Bryan Fuller, 13 episodes, got cancelled afterwards but the season wraps up fine enough to stand alone.
Brideshead Revisited: From 1981, really gorgeous and Jeremy Irons is so good in it.
True Detective: S1 is remarkable
The Boys: A complete and utter ass of an episode. What a waste of time. The writers don't respect their own writing nor the viewer, thinking they need shock value every 10mins to keep us engaged. We are 6 episode in and there had been no real progress in the story outside the virus. Which seems to be something that got more development in Gen V than it did in The Boys.
House of the Dragon: One of the worst episodes I have ever seen. The sexist writers keep ruining Alicent and Rhaenyra. Book Rhaenyra was so interesting but the show made her bland as can be. That final idiotic scene of the episode stands amongst the writing in S8. The entire episode is of S7 or S8 quality. The biggest crime for these episodes though is that they are just plain boring.
The Boys: This season is the best one yet.
House of the Dragon: Really liked this in Season 1 but I've totally bounced of this in Season 2 and have stopped watching. Has that 'prequelitis' feel of all the mediocre Star Wars stuff we've seen in the last decade and, as Andy Greenwald of The Watch podcast said, it feels like an expanded footnote from Game of Thrones. Lots and lots of long scenes of people talking in rooms as well. There's no White Walkers, no Free Cities, no Tyrion, no Varris, none of the great characters, big set pieces, and existential threats that made Game of Thrones so good. Hopefully HBO decides to take on some new fantasy/SF IP soon and just doesn't just make prequel shows in this universe for the foreseeable future, and I say that as a Game of Thrones reader. This adaptation was the rare case where I hadn't read an adaptation of a famous sf/fantasy book beforehand, and I was looking forward to being surprised, but, oh well.
Hell's Paradise: 8-part anime on Netflix that has a really interesting hook (samurai get sent to a strange seemingly pantheistic island full of dangerous creatures) that is faintly reminiscent of Kong: Skull Island or the Annihilation book/movie on the high end. Never quite lives up to that promise, unfortunately, with the usual endless boring boss fights that mark this sub-genre, but it's worth a quick watch if you just want to turn your brain off for a bit and like anime with a bit of a surreal twist. I really enjoyed the premise of Hell's Paradise but not where it ended. I hope more will get made and it goes somewhere. I think I once wished for Made In Abyss but with older characters and it is sort like that. It's just not game of thrones so expecting that is setting yourself up for failure. It's a good show in its own right.
Game of Thrones: Does it still constantly kill off characters for shock value?
House of the Dragon: I've just had to finally accept this show isn't going to reach the heights of early seasons GOTs and just accept it for what it's worth.
House of the Dragon: I'm like the biggest GOT fan here and i absolutely love HOTD it's getting gradually much better than I expected, HOTD is definitely building up it's characters unlike the mess of GOT season 8
House of the Dragon: That was pretty obvious from season 1 to me. So many dumb and illogical stuff happened that it was more like season 8 of GOT. I was surprised honestly by how well it was received. But apparently it seems like people have had enough of the nonsense for season 2, don't know what's changed
House of the Dragon: It's a different type of show. Despite sharing the same universe, I don't feel it makes a lot of sense to compare them. GOT was a sprawling epic featuring dozens of characters separated by entire continents and many parallel storylines, with a lot of time spent on mystery. It was a panorama, where HotD is more like a portrait or two, focused in tightly on a single conflict and a smaller cast. This may be an odd comparison but the difference feels like The Wire v. The Sopranos to me, in terms of one being kind of a large-scale view of an entire society and the other being a character study. They're so different it's tough to compare them and you don't expect one to scratch the itch of the other.
House of the Dragon: I think it's especially tough to compare them at this point, since season 1 of HotD was more like a long prologue. It feels like we're only really 3-5 episodes deep into the show proper right now. Because the first 7 or so were just the intro.
Homecoming: I Am Celine
Halo: Just finished 1st ep of Halo. Starting scene - Hyped. Ending scene - Also Hyped. As someone who only barely played 1 game I'm excited about this.
Halo: The whole series is really good. I never played the game and liked the show.
No relevant information.
Nothing to output.
